[vertexai] Include appcheck token unconditionally (#6409)
firebase/firebase-android-sdk: firebase-vertexai/CHANGELOG.md

# Unreleased

> * [fixed] Fixed issue where error AppCheck tokens were missing from the requests unintentionally. (#6409)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [fixed] Fixed issue where error Firebase App Check tokens were missing from the requests unintentionally. (#6409)
```

> * [fixed] Fixed issue where error Firebase App Check tokens were missing from the requests unintentionally. (#6409)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [fixed] Fixed issue where Firebase App Check error tokens were unintentionally missing from the requests. (#6409)
```
